the help available is small the demand
is great this place Palestinians from
Northern and Central Gaza queue up at a
school in Raf in the hopes of being
given food or even just
water five Refugee families were staying
with us but now we're refugees just like
them I don't know what to do we're
peaceful civilians and have no
connection to what's happening we have
children and we can't find milk food or
water we can't even find a plastic sheet
most of the population of Gaza has been
displaced multiple times in the past 3
months fleeing with whatever they can
carry towards a Charities and Aid agency
offices or schools and municipal
buildings that have been converted into
temporary
shelters un facilities are packed full
several times above their maximum
capacity we're hungry there's no hygiene
there's no
water we're dying of the cold there are
23 of us here with one mattress I sleep
without any blankets just so my children
can have
them un has warned that in the coming
months Gaza will face famine in the
middle of winter when people are forced
to live outdoors weak and hungry with
little access to sanitation conditions
arri for disease Doctors Without Borders
warns that an epidemic is inevitable and
with most hospitals and clinics out of
service when people do fall ill they
will have nowhere to go Han mahm Al
jazer RAF Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer